README.md, before:

# GEOG 419 - Processing of Sentinel-1 data
This package is based on a project from the M.Sc Geoinformatics in the module "GEOG 419 - Modullare Programmierung in der FE" from the Friedrich-Schiller-Universität Jena and was developed by Felix Bachmann and Maximilian Nestler.
It contains moduls/algorithms to download, unzip and preprocess Sentinel-1-images (other images based on radar should also work). A more detailed overview is given below:

- User query of the URL to download the zip-file
- Download and unzipping of file in **user defined or automatically generated** directory
- Processing of the input radar dataset (logarithmic scaling, other changes if necessary, e.g. delete NoData values)
- Plots the result, saves it as PDF in the directory
- Checks if the processed files already exist (zip-file, tif-file, result)
- It is possible to run the package from the command line: ```"cd\yourworkspace\python main.py"```

- If there are problems with the package, please open an [issue](https://github.com/FelixBach/419a/issues)

Commit message:

updated install information
updated install information

README.md, after:

# GEOG 419 - Processing of Sentinel-1 data
This package is based on a project from the M.Sc Geoinformatics in the module "GEOG 419 - Modullare Programmierung in der FE" from the Friedrich-Schiller-Universität Jena and was developed by Felix Bachmann and Maximilian Nestler.
It contains moduls/algorithms to download, unzip and preprocess Sentinel-1-images (other images based on radar should also work). A more detailed overview is given below:

- User query of the URL to download the zip-file
- Download and unzipping of file in **user defined or automatically generated** directory
- Processing of the input radar dataset (logarithmic scaling, other changes if necessary, e.g. delete NoData values)
- Plots the result, saves it as PDF in the directory
- Checks if the processed files already exist (zip-file, tif-file, result)
- It is possible to run the package from the command line: ```"cd\yourworkspace\python main.py"```
- In case you have git installed you can install the package as follows: 
  ```pip install git+https://https://github.com/FelixBach/a419a.git```

- If there are problems with the package, please open an [issue](https://github.com/FelixBach/419a/issues)
